Assets: Add README.md about syncing (#68128)
WordPress/gutenberg: assets/README.md

## Gutenberg Plugin Assets

> The contents of this directory are synced to the [`assets/` directory of the Gutenberg plugin](https://plugins.trac.wordpress.org/browser/gutenberg/assets) in the WordPress.org plugin repository. This is done by a [GitHub Actions workflow](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/actions/workflows/sync-assets-to-plugin-repo.yml) that is triggered whenever a file in this directory is changed (with the exception of this README, which is excluded from the sync).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory is managed via the [`assets/` directory in the Gutenberg repository on GitHub](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/assets). **Changes committed directly to the plugin repository on WordPress.org will be overwritten.**

The contents of this directory are synced with the [`assets/` directory of the Gutenberg WordPress.org plugin repository](https://plugins.trac.wordpress.org/browser/gutenberg/assets). This is done by a [GitHub Actions workflow](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/actions/workflows/sync-assets-to-plugin-repo.yml) that is triggered whenever a file in this directory is changed.
```

Author: Applied. 

I think I'll shuffle the paragraphs a bit though. The first paragraph currently makes it easier to understand when read in the plugins repo, but potentially a bit harder when read in the GH repo, which I think will be the more common case.

> Since that workflow requires access to WP.org plugin repository credentials, it needs to be approved manually by a member of the Gutenberg Core team. If you don't have the necessary permissions, please ask someone in #core-editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since that workflow requires access to WP.org plugin repository credentials, it needs to be approved manually by a member of the Gutenberg Core team. If you don't have the necessary permissions, please ask someone in [#core-editor](https://wordpress.slack.com/archives/C02QB2JS7).
```
